Tell people who was crazy for one more.
video this time again with prayer
but not with party moods that in this
last video announcing the arrival of the
game in the steam and yes in the
sadness that two days later he went
expelled from the same steam aleris and in the video
and today I'm going to explain all this
controversy that is happening with game
just right for those who are understanding why
he was expelled from the extinct because he has
So many angry people in the game and that's it.
What am I going to do in this video here?
so I'll start at the beginning then
everybody knows daisy right?
daisy is the modification to play more
two that I assure you that the deviation
and was responsible for the shipowner to sell
let's just say 10 and made the owners
sell over a million copies ie
sold almost more than the game in
synthesis a modification to a game and
When did this happen to the crew?
everyone likes to observe the kind that
does not like a calypso unb
dangerously
besides facing zombies also the
humans do not know who their friends are or
enemies and people want to get their
bullets your weapons
their food to survive because
you have to survive is not that the
The purpose of the game is to be
other people or not and when
This happened the butt for
at the beginning of the year everyone playing
I wish the caramba type of a
mechanically waged a modification is a
own game of a mechanic caught
imagine locked but functional
vehicle everything
IAA was then end where it enters the hummer
point that the varzim developer
occurs with everyone playing this
business then last idea and they
they picked up to announce a game of them warzee
You know now I fought.
microphone is then when she announced the
game she had no project had not
nothing about playing or not is not easy a
game out in the face already promised a million
of things in the game and had not even started
I did not know, there was no effect
league game logo
And that's when they started them.
was developing a game side of them
I do not know the name of their game and they
instead they abandoned it
start developing az
it was an expanded idea in their heads
Who adapted this game?
the post apocalyptic style sumbe neckel
12 and it was where the whole problem started
because it is an adaptation type
guys did not even henze it
a game alone
and there started all kinds of graphics are
ugly graphics are not good regime is
locked
the game is heavy type of a million
things they promised they did not
gave no energy percent
committed a huge and a war z map
small
the second half hour getting whole
through a huge dave map in the
time and promise
the use of cpu to improve you especially the
your character the bastard 4 and went and went
in this medium of pvicos also
supply begins and ends up already
which they promised and second to
further aggravating the situation is to
put the image to you
he was accused of copying the images of the
serial the walking dead had them
took gone show only give a
modified liacc and played in the game tá
so connected in the pictures
to make matters worse
and if you think it was bad then
Calm down when the users were
Report problem these things
the game was very early 2001 makes
an endless spout looks to deliver but there
but the environment gets difficult
It's too much for me to fill the people who
the report the problem outside the support
the mania of the players' bathrooms there
also had the rumors of
that he was there is no player who
played enough to be able to keep the
new post in a virtual store that
happened kokkalis unb you buy in
virtual store of the game and it is ready
for the end of the world is also and beyond
banias ban the players all business
there and so he decided to remove the
game from there
precisely because of this they said that it was
early his direction is
happening promised the best game of the
world and made the worst game is ruizinho é
Talk to you, but it's fun for you.
play with a friend
pays for 20 reais, which is what I
I paid I think it pays
now it 's 90
so is more expensive there so take this
and unfortunately they will not be able to
to recover
People, I guess I already said too much.
in this video I'm going to stay this way and that's what
I liked you like finding the
your favorite videos to help you
disclosure register on the channel if the
first time you're watching comments
this is what is happening with 1 and
is also your forum for iplay and
forum dot plate in the dot com
to discuss this and other matters
Do you think you're going to give in this novel?
all
so this is it people were good